boy
[Music]
the great invocation
from the point of light in the mind of
god that light will flow to the minds of the
Men that light descends to earth
from the point of love in the heart of
God that has flowed love to hearts
of the men that Christ returned to the
land
from the center where the will of
God is known that purpose guides
the small wills of men
the purpose that the teachers know and
they serve from the center that we call the
race of men who perform the
plan of love and light and I closed the door
where is the evil that light love
and the power restore the plan in the
earth that light love and power
restore in the plan on earth that
light love and power revive in
the plan on earth
[Music]
prayer for peace san francisco de asís
Lord make me an instrument of your peace
where there is hatred that opposes
love where wrong injury forgiveness where
doubt that I put faith where there
despair that I always the
hope where there is darkness light where
there be sadness joy
or divine master grant me not to look
both be consoled and console
be understood as understanding to be
loved as love because it is giving
we received forgiving that we are
forgiven and dying to ourselves
that we are born to eternal life amen
so be it
[Music]
God is protection and in protection the
force and in force the reason and in the
reason the knowledge and in the
knowledge the truth and in truth the
justice and in justice love and in
love love to god and love to the
life and eternal animation
[Music]
that the way they are to be able
meet you that the wind
always blow on your back that the sun
shine and warm your face that the rain
fall softly on your fields and until
we will find that the good
Lord hold you in the palm of your
hands
the temperance of being practicing
presence of god in us
do not look for the battle yields
withdraw your strength is to operate
from the light of your intelligence
being your weapon is not any weapon it's just
light more have respect of any
attacker do not surrender your compassion or use
your strength to harm others
unnecessarily force more
conscious will win
I need to have not learned to fear
let go of me I'm at peace with myself
I will not spend the strength of my life on
Conflicts Knowing me requires wisdom
and managing my own life requires the
true power of my being
it does not matter look silly do not expose yourself
in a vain situation use your sense
common your honesty with yourself
this most powerful tool the best
of the works is the simplest and
it requires skill and simplicity to
make it concrete
intervenes with rectitude and firmness before
the hypocrite the sick use the speed and
the accurate decision do not let advance
what damages or submits
serene and clear the victory over these
situations is the divine action of the
justice of heaven
teaches and transmits with the coherence of
your action
sustained from the truth of your being in
your heart be effective in your silence not
wasteful words use your wisdom
interior god serves those who serve
God
open yourself to whatever comes and trust
[Music]